fasle         -> false
fitler        -> filter
flase         -> false
heigth        -> height
intput        -> input
lenght        -> length
listner       -> listener
ouptut        -> output
ouput         -> output
recieve       -> receive
reuslt        -> result
retrun        -> return
retun         -> return
reutrn        -> return
singed        -> signed
swithc        -> switch
swtich        -> switch
thresold      -> threshold
udpate        -> update
widht         -> width
virutal       -> virtual
vitual        -> virtual
yeild         -> yield
